So far, Team A has been undefeated.
But, Bato and Bajira scored goals too.
This is the final match.
You're a persistent little pest.
If you can't stand the competition, then give up!
That concludes the fifth match.
Team A4 wins 5-4.
Oh boy, this doesn't look good.
Hey, the match is over.
Good, because now I can kill him without having to worry.
If you favor the soccer, you piece of trash!
You took the words right out of my mouth.
I'm gonna curb thump you out of existence!
How about we paint the field with genius?
Cut it out, this is insane!
You have tested my patience long enough.
I can't believe you made me use the anti-riot electric shock function.
Wait, electric shock?
All of the matches are now over.
I had no idea that you could be optimal.
In six hours I will announce Blue Lock'sрь aware of the facts.
Those who affect Japan airways iwhatssup.
I trust the present.
Awesome.
I love it, I love it.
Hey, guys, what's up,
to those selfish believers who are living in cowardice with no joy?
Pretending that all is Perfect is meaningless torture
And null מה
And don't hide the floor walls in service of revenge.
Y sperms, you're forces of asean rule. Please come back and stay quiet.
I'm sure it's normal, but that's happiness too, right?
An instant's ecstasy, a loneliness that can't be put down
I'm done, my peers laugh
Then my life is over, right?
Hey boy!
The poison bullet filled with a new vision
The thin prejudice is already melting away
Now is just the right time, what's wrong?
Hey, don't get in my way
My heart is getting more and more intense
I'm choosing a route without love
Someone was looking down
Look, the hole in the heart
I'm drunk in it, so vividly
The game you're playing
Is like a burning flame
The eyes are like a ticket
It's so plain and cheap
I'm already thirsty for the same thing
I'm filled with highheresery
An uns inclusivity
A bonding charisma
F 년
Episode 2
Hearing Abe's bimar logic
問 pi
Pei
GUI
Have you made your decision?
Yes, we mustn't forget.
Too many cooks spoil the broth.
Huh?
In other words, some talents need to be trimmed if we want to win.
Why is he calling at such an important time?
Oh, heck. I'm plum nervous.
Huh? Where's Shido?
Probably still in the correction room.
Aside from the top six, only a few guys scored.
There was me, Bajira, Bado, and Reo.
If that's how he's picking players, I've got a chance.
I want this.
To fight on a field where I can change my own destiny.
Hello there.
Good work.
My diamond's in the rough.
This is the second time we're meeting face to face.
Nice to see you all.
Oh, wow. He actually showed up in person.
Ego in the flesh.
Soccer is a game about scoring goals.
Our first order of business is redefining this.
Goals determine a striker's worth.
So, I've decided to create a team centered around the egoist with the highest goal average among you.
Prepare yourselves and listen up.
The time has come for me to announce the eleven players who will face off against Japan's U20s.
First, our top player.
Rin Itoshi.
He had the highest goal average, with 2.5 per game.
He'll be the crux of the team while the other players use an all-out attack formation centered around him.
If they score five, Rin will score six and win.
Successive destruction.
Successive destruction. As its vanguard, Rin will be the first to win.
To their vanguard, you embody the philosophy of this team.
Congrats.
As for the remaining ten players, you'll be the bullets that escalated that destruction.
We'll start with the goalkeeper,
Jeanne Palouas.
J america pas Our goalkeeper.
Sister and friend.
You have explosive reactions and flexibility.
These attributes make you the ideal player for the position.
You will serve as the team's guardian a little later.
ving You will serve as the team's guardian a little later.
That's why you went with me.
All right.
Next up are two center backs, Jubei Ariu and Ikki Niko.
The right center back will overwhelm opponents
with his height and reach, while the left
will use his intellect to steal the ball and read the field.
Moving on to the two full backs, they
will use speed and technique to dribble up and down the flanks.
On the right will be you, Hyouma Chigiri.
Sir.
And on the left, Meguru Bachira.
You know I'm game.
But no matter where I am on the field, I'm still going to score.
Moving right along, I've chosen the best midfielder
to connect the defense with the front line, Tabito Karasu.
You hold onto the ball better than anyone here,
and your analytical skills help you see goal opportunities.
You'll be the heart of this team.
Hmph.
I had a feeling you'd pick me, Dingus.
Now for the players on the offensive line.
Slicing through the opponent's defensive wall
from the inside, we have Eita Otoya.
OK.
And Kinu Yukimiya.
Sure.
It would be my pleasure.
The right winger has speed and stealth
to get behind opponents, while the left winger dominates
when it comes to one-on-ones.
And finally.
Yes.
We have two players.
Two players encamped between them.
The core of our attack.
First, we have a superb talent who scores stellar goals
thanks to his ball control, Seishiro Nagi.
Gotcha.
And let me remind you, this team employs a super all-out attack
formation centered around Rin Itoshi.
And as the one player who is most compatible with Rin Itoshi,
and as his shadow.
He fulfills the assertion and coexistence requirement,
while also possessing the talent to subjugate him
and score himself.
The final piece of this puzzle is you.
Yoichi Izaki.
Yes.
That's it.
You will face off against Japan, you 20s.
I present the Blue Lock 11.
I did it.
I am chosen.
I made the team.
The Blue Lock 11.
Damn you, Donkey.
Damn everything.
I have a question.
Based on the criteria, how come Shido isn't on the team?
I mean, he scored plenty of goals.
And he is ranked second.
Yeah, he is ranked very low.
Good question.
Ryusei Shido did have a high goal average,
two per game to be precise.
But his scoring was brought about by his own skills.
In other words, during the try-out,
he wasn't able to trigger a single chemical reaction
with Rin Itoshi.
Plus his violent tendencies would earn him a red card
and put us at a major disadvantage.
Because of those reasons, I have determined
that he shouldn't share the same field as Rin Itoshi.
But more importantly, he couldn't win for me yet.
But more importantly, none of you can handle an egoist on Rias Aishido's level.
Someone who can grasp his thought process and work to lift his place higher?
Well, let's just say no such talent exists here in Blue Lock.
I mean, I don't think there's anyone in Japan who can handle a psychopath like that guy.
True, but still, feels like a waste not to make the most of his talents.
Indeed, he would work best as a Joker card we could sub in for Rin Itoshi.
That was the plan, at least.
Did something change?
Just a few hours ago, Buratsu taught the JFU gave me a call.
Unless we meet a condition proposed by Sai Itoshi, he'll back out of the match.
If he doesn't play, tickets won't sell, which means the game will be cancelled.
Blue Lock will lose relevance and die a natural death.
So, the condition Sai Itoshi...
The condition Sai Itoshi proposed was the following.
Let me out of here, you four-eyed bastard.
I promise I won't hit anyone anymore.
Are you listening?
I'm gonna kill you, Mr. Logoff!
Yo, sup devil boy.
Who the hell are you?
Nice cage you got.
Bit small for you, though.
I'll set you free.
But I want your ego in return.
Go berserk for me.
We got a deal.
No.
Enough half-baked speeches. This game's nothing but a stepping stone for me.
A checkpoint on my way to becoming the world's best.
Same here. After all, we've been gambling with our lives ever since we first stepped foot in this place.
Think I'm gonna wuss out now? You're crazy.
Yeah, I'm getting stoked.
I'm excited as well.
Same. I wanna play them.
Yes, Blue Lock Eleven. That's the kind of ego I wanna see.
Yes. Making the team is huge, but that's not my final goal.
I will. No, Blue Lock will win this game and continue advancing to the world stage.
Now then, let's begin the final training camp.
Two weeks until the match, boys.
May I present our eagerly awaited new recruit joining the Japan team,
the incomparable...
The incomparable Sai Itoshi!
What do you know? It's really him!
We're playing on the same team?
You call that a win? Guy looks stuck up like some kind of arrogant princeling.
Pretty sure he can hear you.
Who's the other guy?
Duh. Just some jerk who got a free ride. I couldn't care less.
Remember the honor of representing our country is at stake, so we can't afford to lose to Blue Lock.
Tell them how eager you are, Sai.
I don't have an iota of interest in any of you.
Let's be clear. You'll never have another chance like this again.
So do your best not to irritate me. That's all.
Wait.
Talk about cocky, huh?
Don't underestimate us, genius. You might be causing a fuss overseas, but not in this room.
Ultimately, you're still at the academy level. Or maybe you didn't realize you're talking to a starting forward in this country's top league.
So watch your mouth.
Let me guess. You'll battle to be the top scorer in Japan and play for the national team.
Where you'll make about 50 million yen a year, marry a gravure idol, and raise a happy family.
I'd say that about covers the entirety of your soccer career.
My goal is to be the best in the world.
The depth of your desire is nowhere near mine.
I... I want to be the best!
Listen to you spew that crap! What a waste of a striker you are!
Do that so sad, see you in the next life. Consider this a favor if you were that preoccupied about status.
What's your deal, you weirdo?
Hey! That's our star player!
Sounds like all of you want to go. If I win, you have to put me in the starting lineup.
Please! Sam de Koro!
Shut up, free-right! Don't you dare insult me!
My first goal! Here goes!
Looks like you underestimated us.
You've had your fun, but that's enough. So stop.
Don't get me wrong, pup. Love your spirit. But trust me. Save it.
Want to impress? Get results on the field.
Well, little genius, you're a newbie like this guy. So earn our trust with your plays, not your words.
And as your defensive line...
We're gonna have your back.
The U-20's defense is built around this tall guy, Aiku. Even Italy's Serie A wants him. Seems they play a Carinaccio system.
Alright then. So you're telling us they're a defensive team.
Then we just need to smash them.
Yeah, but you know, considering they're the best players under 20 in the country, they're not exactly gonna make it easy for us.
So we've just gotta smash them, right?
Are you just going to keep on repeating yourself like that, Bacheta?
Yeah, cause we've gotta smash them, don't we?
Not the infinite loop glitch.
Players, finish up your morning drill, then take a break.
Just smash them, huh?
Unfortunately, I don't have anywhere near the power I need for that.
Entering a trance-like state that time was a total fluke.
If only I could do it on command.
I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
Uh, Rin?
Hey man, it's break time. You should rest a little.
Rest? If you're gonna interfere, then get lost, Isagi.
Yeah, but if you overdo it and end up getting injured-
Then I'm injured. If that happens, that's all I'm worth.
Don't you get it? I got to play against my brother. Against Zan Itoshi, and surpass him.
I've waited for so long, you can't begin to imagine.
I don't need that.
I know, but if you get hurt, then Blue Lock is done for. Don't cause problems for me.
Drink.
Hmm.
K.
What's that?
It's a bit cold.
Man, I've never seen Rin look at me like that before.
I want to win this match. With him.
Hello to you all, Team Blue Lock.
Your body should be awake by now from all the training you've done.
So up next, we need to wake up those brains.
I'll teach you how to ignite a fire in your life. The essential force to becoming the world's best striker.
Flow. It's a state of total mental immersion, acquired through one's own optimal experiences.
Regardless of the scale of the activity, when humans have these moments, they're so focused they even forget the passage of time.
Reaching a state of enjoyment, allowing the brain to become excited.
What we refer to as flow.
Cast your minds back. To that first time at Blue Lock.
When you each broke out of your little shells.
Pouring your all. Everything you had into that one play.
Flow. Why does that sound so right?
Is it the key to reproducing that trance I was in?
So...
The question is, how do you enter this state?
The most important condition is this.
A player must concentrate on a daring challenge.
To put it plainly, you set your aim high and confront an objective of optimal difficulty.
Let me direct your attention to this chart.
It shows the balance between challenge and ability for entering a flow state.
If your abilities exceed a given challenge, you'll quickly grow bored.
And find you're unable to accept it.
And experience enjoyment.
But on the other hand, if a given challenge exceeds your abilities to the point you can't see yourself succeeding.
You'll find yourself becoming anxious.
So in conclusion, you're not able to experience a sense of joy in a state of boredom or anxiety.
Hence the need for concentration that is challenge based.
Know your abilities precisely.
And control them.
Then challenge yourself with a goal appropriate for you.
In moments like those, you'll manifest exceptional performance.
The sort that will elevate you to a new level.
Although from the outside it may have the appearance of a miracle.
There is in fact a formula to it.
And it's born from flow.
However...
It's extremely difficult to achieve.
Information and entertainment flood your everyday life.
An endless hell that ends with a failure.
And distracts from boredom and anxiety.
Most often, people aren't engrossed in an activity.
You may passively enter a trance-like state looking at your phone.
But that's not the flow state you actively achieve available only to you.
In my book, being passive will never give rise to ego.
The thrill you experience scoring a goal.
The exhilaration that watches over you.
Finding a new weapon.
That joy is special.
It belongs only to you.
And that's called...
Ego.
Blue Lock is where you can escape the diarrhea of the everyday passive trance-like state.
And only those who fully immerse themselves in soccer are able to survive.
So, my diamonds in the rough.
Take a trip down memory lane.
Remember everything you've experienced up to this point.
Every discovery that caused you to evolve.
I get it.
What he's saying.
Every single time I grew stronger, I became absorbed in my potential.
Now, picture playing the U-20s.
How does scoring the winning goal and defeating them make you feel?
Perhaps you're bored?
Or anxious?
Never.
It's a challenge I can immerse myself in.
You're finally getting it.
Defeating Japan's U-20s depends on you all.
If you're going to open the door to victory, the Blue Lock 11 must enter the flow state when they take the field on game day.
When I'm on that stage, I'll discover my own unique flow.
Now, let's prepare.
You're the new generation of egoists.
The ones who will tear down Japanese soccer status quo.
The world is waiting for your goals.
I'll immerse myself.
And discover my goals.
Goals only I can make.
Training and education are part of your USA.
It is time for you to begin.
One that you can fear.
The power you have.
The colors that tell you your own language.
Take your correctly society.
Try it.
Thank you.
Well, I come from the mountains.
I like sunbathing and picking vegetables.
Oh, taking on wild boars, of course.
Sumo wrestling with my bear friend.
Super Smash.
Looking for UFOs.
I was following for the first half.
Eh?
What?
Usually seeking ultimate glam.
Building universe, cherishing beauty, offering prayers to Buddha.
When you empty your mind, even fire feels glam.
Glam.
None of what he said made sense.
But I can't insult their answer.
Oh, wow.
Very nice.
Both of you are so unique.
Don't be dismissive.
Stay positive and compliment them.
That's the best course of action to gain their trust.
So, you're interested in pursuing the way of glam?
Huh?
Manifest the universe in your body.
Glam.
Glam?
Yes, very good, mountain man.
Like this?
Express the glam using your entire body.
Like this.
Glam.
I feel it.
Am I having fun right now?
I'll never be wearing furs.
Of course.
Why?
And why's that?
corrupt?
Why?
Make your кол pound?
Damn.
Only go, stuff.
What's the point of being Mitarbeiter?
I'm going.
What are you saying?
How aboutăng
How's your слэм?